HTB INTRO TO NETWORK TRAFFIC ANALYSIS

Q: How many layers does the OSI model have?
A: 7

Q: How many layers are there in the TCP/IP model?
A: 4


Q: True or False: Routers operate at layer 2 of the OSI model?
A: False


Q: What addressing mechanism is used at the Link Layer of the TCP/IP model?
A: Mac-Address


Q: At what layer of the OSI model is a PDU encapsulated into a packet? ( the number )
A: 3


Q: What addressing mechanism utilizes a 32-bit address?
A: IPv4


Q: What Transport layer protocol is connection oriented?
A: TCP


Q: What Transport Layer protocol is considered unreliable?
A: UDP


Q: TCP's three-way handshake consists of 3 packets: 1.Syn, 2.Syn & ACK, 3. _? What is the final packet of the handshake?
A: ACK


Q: What is the default operational mode method used by FTP?
A: active


Q: FTP utilizes what two ports for command and data transfer? (separate the two numbers with a space)
A: 20 21


Q: Does SMB utilize TCP or UDP as its transport layer protocol?
A: TCP


Q: SMB has moved to using what TCP port?
A: 445


Q: Hypertext Transfer Protocol uses what well known TCP port number?
A: 80


Q: What HTTP method is used to request information and content from the webserver?
A: GET


Q: What web based protocol uses TLS as a security measure?
A: HTTPS

Q: True or False: when utilizing HTTPS, all data sent across the session will appear as TLS Application data?
A: true


Q: Utilizing the output shown in question-1.png, who is the server in this communication? (IP Address)
A: 174.143.213.184


Q: Were absolute or relative sequence numbers used during the capture? (see question-1.zip to answer)
A: relative


Q: If I wish to start a capture without hostname resolution, verbose output, showing contents in ASCII and hex, and grab the first 100 packets; what are the switches used? please answer in the order the switches are asked for in the question.
A: -nvXc 100


Q: Given the capture file at /tmp/capture.pcap, what tcpdump command will enable you to read from the capture and show the output contents in Hex and ASCII? (Please use best practices when using switches)
A: sudo tcpdump -Xr /tmp/capture.pcap


Q: What TCPDump switch will increase the verbosity of our output? ( Include the - with the proper switch )
A: -v


Q: What built in terminal help reference can tell us more about TCPDump?
A: man


Q: What TCPDump switch will let me write my output to a file?
A: -w


Q: What TCPDump switch will allow us to pipe the contents of a pcap file out to another function such as 'grep'?
A: -l


Q: True or False: The filter "port" looks at source and destination traffic.
A: true


Q: If we wished to filter out ICMP traffic from our capture, what filter could we use? ( word only, not symbol please.)
A: not icmp


Q: What command will show you where / if TCPDump is installed?
A: which tcpdump


Q: How do you start a capture with TCPDump to capture on eth0?
A: tcpdump -i eth0


Q: What switch will provide more verbosity in your output?
A: -v


Q: What switch will write your capture output to a .pcap file?
A: -w


Q: What switch will read a capture from a .pcap file?
A: -r


Q: What switch will show the contents of a capture in Hex and ASCII?
A: -X


Q: What filter will allow me to see traffic coming from or destined to the host with an ip of 10.10.20.1?
A: host 10.10.20.1


Q: What filter will allow me to capture based on either of two options?
A: OR


Q: True or False: TCPDump will resolve IPs to hostnames by default.
A: true


Q: What are the client and server port numbers used in first full TCP three-way handshake? (low number first then high number)
A: 80 43806


Q: Based on the traffic seen in the pcap file, who is the DNS server in this network segment? (ip address)
A: 172.16.146.1


Q: True or False: Wireshark can run on both Windows and Linux.
A: true


Q: Which Pane allows a user to see a summary of each packet grabbed during the capture?
A: Packet List


Q: Which pane provides you insight into the traffic you captured and displays it in both ASCII and Hex?
A: Packet Bytes


Q: What switch is used with TShark to list possible interfaces to capture on?
A: -D


Q: What switch allows us to apply filters in TShark?
A: -f


Q: Is a capture filter applied before the capture starts or after? (answer before or after)
A: before


Q: Which plugin tab can provide us with a way to view conversation metadata and even protocol breakdowns for the entire PCAP file?
A: Statistics


Q: What plugin tab will allow me to accomplish tasks such as applying filters, following streams, and viewing expert info?
A: Analyze


Q: What stream oriented Transport protocol enables us to follow and rebuild conversations and the included data?
A: TCP


Q: True or False: Wireshark can extract files from HTTP traffic.
A: true


Q: True or False: The ftp-data filter will show us any data sent over TCP port 21.
A: false


Q: What was the filename of the image that contained a certain Transformer Leader? (name.filetype)
A: Rise-Up.jpg


Q: Which employee is suspected of performing potentially malicious actions in the live environment?
A: bob


Q: What was the name of the new user created on mrb3n's host?
A: hacker


Q: How many total packets were there in the Guided-analysis PCAP?
A: 44


Q: What was the suspicious port that was being used?
A: 4444


Q: What user account was used to initiate the RDP connection?
A: bucky


