HTB INTRODUCTION TO ACTIVE DIRECTORY

Q: What Active Directory structure can contain one or more domains?
A: Forest

Q: True or False; It can be common to see multiple domains linked together by trust relationships?
A: true


Q: Active Directory provides authentication and <____> within a Windows domain environment.
A: authorization


Q: What is known as the "Blueprint" of an Active Directory environment?
A: schema


Q: What uniquely identifies a Service instance? (full name, space-separated, not abbreviated)
A: Service Principal Name


Q: True or False; Group Policy objects can be applied to user and computer objects.
A: true


Q: What container in AD holds deleted objects?
A: tombstone


Q: What file contains the hashes of passwords for all users in a domain?
A: NTDS.dit


Q: True or False; Computers are considered leaf objects.
A: true


Q: <___> are objects that are used to store similar objects for ease of administration. (Fill in the blank)
A: Organizational Units


Q: What AD object handles all authentication requests for a domain?
A: Domain Controller


Q: What role maintains time for a domain?
A: PDC Emulator


Q: What domain functional level introduced Managed Service Accounts?
A: Windows Server 2008 R2


Q: What type of trust is a link between two child domains in a forest?
A: Cross-link


Q: What role ensures that objects in a domain are not assigned the same SID? (full name)
A: Relative ID Master


Q: What networking port does Kerberos use?
A: 88


Q: What protocol is utilized to translate names into IP addresses? (acronym)
A: DNS


Q: What protocol does RFC 4511 specify? (acronym)
A: LDAP


Q: What Hashing protocol is capable of symmetric and asymmetric cryptography?
A: kerberos


Q: NTLM uses three messages to authenticate; Negotiate, Challenge, and <__>. What is the missing message? (fill in the blank)
A: AUTHENTICATE


Q: How many hashes does the Domain Cached Credentials mechanism save to a host by default?
A: 10


Q: True or False; A local user account can be used to login to any domain connected host.
A: False


Q:  What default user account has the SID "S-1-5-domain-500" ?
A: administrator


Q: What account has the highest permission level possible on a Windows host
A: system


Q: What user naming attribute is unique to the user and will remain so even if the account is deleted?
A: ObjectGUID


Q: What group type is best utilized for assigning permissions and right to users?
A: security


Q: True or False; A "Global Group" can only contain accounts from the domain where it was created.
A: true


Q: Can a Universal group be converted to a Domain Local group? (yes or no)
A: yes


Q: What built-in group will grant a user full and unrestricted access to a computer?
A: Administrators


Q: What user right grants a user the ability to make backups of a system?
A: SeBackupPrivilege


Q: What Windows command can show us all user rights assigned to the current user?
A: whoami /priv


Q: Confidentiality, <___>, and Availability are the pillars of the CIA Triad. What term is missing? (fill in the blank)
A: integrity


Q:  What security policies can block certain users from running all executables?
A: Application Control Policies


Q: Computer settings for Group Policies are gathered and applied at a <___> minute interval? (answer is a number, fill in the blank )
A: 90


Q: True or False: A policy applied to a user at the domain level would be overwritten by a policy at the site level.
A: false


Q: What Group Policy Object is created when the domain is created?
A: Default Domain Policy


Q:  Once you have finished the tasks, type "COMPLETE" to move on.
A: COMPLETE

Q:  Once you have finished the tasks, type "COMPLETE" to move on.
A: COMPLETE

